Additional CCM Cost Recommendations features (#30362)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/recommendations/custom_recommendations.md

Adjust the evaluation time frame to match your business's seasonality or operational patterns. Options include: 1 week, 2 weeks, 15 days, 3 weeks, 1 month, 2 months, and 3 months.

### Step 3: Apply this rule to all resources or add a filter

You can select whether to apply the rule to **All Resources** or **Some Resources** in your environment.

> If you choose to apply the rule to Some Resources, you can filter resources by their tag (team, service, environment) for more specific parts of your business.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you select **Some Resources**, you can filter resources by tag (for example, `team`, `service`, or `environment`) to target specific parts of your business.
```
